Bug fixes. (#1662)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1019-0-0-handled-display-issues for-property-values-in-subassets.md

---
date: 2023-12-14
title: Handled display issues for property values in Subassets
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-552
version: 1019.0.0
---

> Users can now view the accurate value of a boolean property as "false" instead of "undefined" on the Subassets Page. Additionally, in the absence of data, date and number properties display an undefined value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can now view the accurate value of a boolean property as "false" instead of "undefined" on the **Subassets** Page. Additionally, in the absence of data, the Date and Number properties display an undefined value.
```

> Users can now view the accurate value of a Boolean property as "false" instead of "undefined" on the **Subassets** page. Additionally, if no data is provided, the date and number properties display an undefined value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the **Subassets** page, the value of a Boolean property is now accurately shown as "false" instead of "undefined" . Additionally, if no data is provided, the date and number properties display an undefined value.
```
